# Entry 6 - Expo and presentation
##### 04/17/23

#### Preparing for the Expo <br>
When preparing for the expo, I had first started to look over what the most important parts of my project are, and from there I took pieces and details of these important things and noted them down. I had also noted down what improvements I wanted to make and goals in the future I had in case I would need to answer questions and explain my journey so that everyone who saw my project would understand what I am doing. In my elevator pitch, I made sure to talk about the most important takeaways and ideas I got from my time of working on my project, the pitch you can see in the following [notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FxfTsm58L4cC5AzZkxz5yUiHB6wz8GvOv6CUxXROj9Y/edit). This year, I didn't really focus on taking notes in a document and anytime I had to take notes, I would take them down on a piece of paper as it made it easier for me to understand. <br>
#### Expo Takeaways <br>
Some of my takeaways from the expo are that I think it went well. I felt as though I was able to explain my project clearly, even though there was not much there to explain in the first place. Something I wish I had done differently is prepare more for talking to judges. Although I prepared for most questions that could possibly come up, there were a few times where i didnt know what to say because rather than it being prepared questions or presenting the functions of my project, it was basic small talk that I had to do, and I really struggled with that. i think my preparation was helpful but lead to my work being too scripted, which for the expo made me seem much more nervous. <br>
#### Class presentation preparation + takeaways <br>
When preparing for my presentation, I did run into a lot of problems that lead to my demonstration to lack a lot. It had happened a day before it was due, which threw me off guard. After I had spent some time trying to fix it, I realized I would just have to go on with what I already had, which did make me much less prepared than I had hoped. In preparing, I wish I could have practiced more the flow. <br>
I realized this in my actual presentation. As soon as I had finished, I did not like how I had done it. Personally, I felt that I had gotten better with projection and eye contact, which was something I had struggled with a lot in previous presentations. However, I felt that the nerves and the added fact that I was not expecting to go on that day, and that I had not really practiced a lot, led me to zoom through all my information. Even after the presentation, I myself felt that I didn't even understand anything that I had said. Overall I felt that I did okay but I would really wish I could improve on actual preparation of doing the presentation so that it could flow much better and I could have gotten my point of my project across much easier. One of the best things about my presentation was how my slides were, seen [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1vBdo1qnEwigayNTT69fHVW61GgmKaenp9QIlyI8QwBo/edit#slide=id.p). <br>
#### Where I am + EDP / Goals <br>
Some future goals that I have in general is to just improve on my presentation and work ethic skills. Aside from the presentation, I felt many times throughout the project very unmotivated and not wanting to put in work and I felt that it was this that fueled my project not being up to the standards i had envisioned. In the future, not just with CS but with any project I do, I want to put in as much effort as I envision my project to look like so I can reach the goal and be overall satisfied and proud with what I made.  <br>
In the **E**ngineering **D**esign **P**rocess, I feel myself now in step 7 and 8, where I do want to improve my project, but I was mainly communicating my initial results with my classmates and judges. In skills, throughout the expo and presentation, the main skills I used were definitely communication, embracing failure and creativity. <br>
* Communication came into play more when I had to present my results in front of my peers and expo judges. Although I feel this skill could have been used better, I still believe I used some communication skills to get some sort of message and idea of my project across. 
* For embracing failure, as I mentioned multiple times, towards the end my project preview would refuse to load, and I was put in a position of not being able to load my project on time, which was upsetting, but I did move on and tried to create something out of the videos I already had.
* Finally, for creativity I feel that mostly came into play for my slides, as I designed them a bit strategically as well as in my elevator pitch, as I tried to make it somewhat interesting to hear while also adding opportunities to bounce off of myself to create some sort of conversation. 


[Previous Entry](entry05.md) 

[Home](../README.md)
